Succefully imported citizens - Ivan Georgiev with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Stefan Dimitrov with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Elena Petrova with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Nikolai Vasilev with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Dimitrina Ilieva with 2 properties.
Invalid Data!
Succefully imported citizens - Maria Todorova with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Georgi Popov with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Tsvetanka Kostova with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Vasil Ivanov with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Lyudmil Stoyanov with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Radoslava Mihaylova with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Boyan Kolev with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Daniela Draganova with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Kaloyan Pavlov with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Gergana Dimitrova with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Stanimir Angelov with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Iliana Vasileva with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Svetoslav Petrov with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Desislava Ivanova with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Dimitar Iliev with 4 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Stefka Petrova with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Ivan Georgiev with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Yana Todorova with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Nikolai Dobrev with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Magdalena Ivanova with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Hristo Dimitrov with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Anelia Georgieva with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Vladimir Petrov with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Silvia Kirova with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Borislav Mihailov with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Kristina Nikolova with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Plamen Dimitrov with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Milena Vasileva with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Todor Ivanov with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Zornitsa Petrova with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Ivaylo Stoyanov with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Miroslav Todorov with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Valentina Dimitrova with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Nadezhda Petrova with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Kamen Iliev with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Ivelina Vasileva with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Radostin Kolev with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Svetlana Mihaylova with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Lyuben Georgiev with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Rositsa Nikolova with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Deyan Ivanov with 3 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Milena Petrova with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Nikolay Stoyanov with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Lidiya Ivanova with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Iliyan Kostov with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Zornitsa Dimitrova with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Borislav Georgiev with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Simona Vasileva with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Plamen Nikolov with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Katerina Mihaylova with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Stoyan Petrov with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Diana Todorova with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Vladimir Iliev with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Mirela Vasileva with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Kiril Popov with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Rositsa Georgieva with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Anton Dimitrov with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Teodora Nikolova with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Lyubomir Stoyanov with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Desislav Ivanov with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Stefani Kostova with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Borislav Petrov with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Anelia Dimitrova with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Plamen Nikolov with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Snezhana Vasileva with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Milen Georgiev with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Yavor Ivanov with 2 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Valentina Todorova with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Bozhidar Kolev with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Silvia Petrova with 1 properties.
Succefully imported citizens - Rumen Stoyanov with 1 properties.